#summary How to install the COMMANDO engine.

_Note:_ This page is expected to be updated frequently, so check back often to see if any of the installation requirements or steps have been altered if you are having any difficulties.

= Installing the COMMANDO engine =

  * First uninstall any old versions of COMMANDO engine that you have on your computer.
  * Most people should download COMMANDOreleaseV0.7.zip from here http://code.google.com/p/commando-engine/downloads/list. If your PC has Microsoft's Gamer Services available, then you can download COMMANDOreleaseV0.7gs.zip.
  * Unzip it and run setup.exe to install the engine and any necessary prerequisites.
  * After installing, it should automatically run for the first time. It can be accessed via Start -> All Programs -> VUSE TransIT Program -> Commando.
  * _Note:_ If you would like to compile the source code, then you will need Microsoft Visual Studio 2008 and XNA Game Studio 3.0, which can be found here http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=7D70D6ED-1EDD-4852-9883-9A33C0AD8FEE&displaylang=en

= Uninstalling the COMMANDO engine =
  * Go to Start -> Control Panel -> Add or Remove Programs. Find Commando and click Change/Remove. Follow the on screen instructions to uninstall.

= Prerequisites =

  * At least Windows XP with Service Pack 3
  * A video card that supports at least Direct X 9.0c and Shader Model 1.1
  * The .NET framework at least version 3.5. The most recent version can be found here: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/netframework/cc378097.aspx _Note:_ To check which versions you currently have installed, type "javascript:alert(navigator.userAgent)" into the URL bar in Internet Explorer
  * The XNA redistributable at least version 3.0, which can be found here: http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyId=6521D889-5414-49B8-AB32-E3FFF05A4C50&displaylang=en

= How to play the game =

  * After double-clicking the .exe file, look at the following wiki page to find out how to play the game. http://code.google.com/p/commando-engine/wiki/How_To_Control